Fixture checks passed: valid/invalid MML examples, missing imports, missing links, generated Markdown link rewriting.
Assets present on GitHub were represented by existence-only placeholders for local link checks.
External URL requests not exercised; subprocess report runner blocked by sandbox EPERM.

tests/run-tests.js: exit 0
✓ opening-tag-only argument / claim / evidence (user example)
✓ valid argument / claim / evidence
✓ evidence without claim
✓ valid glossary / word / definition
✓ word without glossary
✓ glossary without word
✓ word without definition
✓ definition without word
✓ glossary shorthand aliases
✓ closing tags are optional not required
✓ mismatched optional closing tag
✓ standalone claim
✓ timeline with year-start and year-end only
✓ timeline with events
✓ timeline with spaced end year alias
✓ timeline event date outside range
✓ calendar with year-month
✓ calendar compiles to month table with highlighted event day
✓ calendar event day outside month range
✓ comparison before/after schema
✓ comparison entity / shared / unique schema
✓ comparison scenario / condition schema
✓ valid group entity trait example from GIF
✓ invalid group with only one entity
✓ invalid group without shared trait value
✓ trait without entity parent
✓ group shorthand alias grp
✓ media with image and caption
✓ reserved words used as normal text
✓ section title attribute
✓ title attribute line is plain text inside section
✓ malformed attribute line is text not tag
✓ non-reserved word line is text
✓ processSource returns empty html when invalid
✓ legacy year-start alias normalizes to start-year
✓ legacy year-month alias normalizes to month
✓ shorthand tags from SHORTHAND.md
✓ form elements from TAGS.md
✓ document structure elements from TAGS.md
✓ table elements from TAGS.md
✓ media shorthand image alias
✓ implicit close at EOF leaves no unclosed errors
✓ sibling tags share parent when prior tag has content
✓ plain text inside claim becomes text node
✓ plain text inside evidence becomes text node
✓ plain text inside caption becomes text node
✓ ordinary text is not parsed as a tag
✓ valid ebook with metadata, cover, toc, and content
✓ valid ebook with only content
✓ TOC generated from heading order
✓ nested TOC generated from heading levels
✓ heading IDs generated when missing
✓ invalid ebook missing required content
✓ plain-text export ignores style and javascript
✓ HTML interactive export preserves style and javascript
✓ crossword schema parses lists, shares numbering, and compiles a grid
✓ crossword rejects mismatched lists, crossings, and out-of-bounds words
✓ crossword word does not need a glossary definition
✓ survey parses common question types and compiles response controls
✓ survey rejects missing prompts and invalid choice, rating, and IDs
✓ quoted attribute values with spaces remain attributes
✓ survey text answer uses generated ID and optional form action

62 passed, 0 failed

scripts/check-tag-sync.mjs: exit 1
45 issue(s)
TAGS: canonical tag 'selection' has no heading.
SHORTHAND: 'note' does not map to 'footnote' in grammar.
SHORTHAND: 'sub' does not map to 'subhead' in grammar.
SHORTHAND: 'cap' does not map to 'caption' in grammar.
SHORTHAND: 'ent' does not map to 'entity' in grammar.
SHORTHAND: 'opt' does not map to 'option' in grammar.
SHORTHAND: 'sel' does not map to 'select' in grammar.
SHORTHAND: 'leg' does not map to 'legend' in grammar.
SHORTHAND: 'stat' does not map to 'statement' in grammar.
SHORTHAND: 'pos' does not map to 'position' in grammar.
SHORTHAND: 'sup' does not map to 'support' in grammar.
SHORTHAND: 'chap' does not map to 'chapter' in grammar.
SHORTHAND: 'rec' does not map to 'recording' in grammar.
SHORTHAND: 'ill' does not map to 'illustration' in grammar.
SHORTHAND: 'art' does not map to 'artwork' in grammar.
SHORTHAND: 'sit' does not map to 'situation' in grammar.
SHORTHAND: 'cir' does not map to 'circumstance' in grammar.
SHORTHAND: implemented 'fnote' → 'footnote' is undocumented in the official table.
SHORTHAND: implemented 'year-start' → 'start-year' is undocumented in the official table.
SHORTHAND: implemented 'year-end' → 'end-year' is undocumented in the official table.
SHORTHAND: implemented 'year-month' → 'month' is undocumented in the official table.
SHORTHAND: implemented 'conditions' → 'condition' is undocumented in the official table.
SHORTHAND: implemented 'js' → 'javascript' is undocumented in the official table.
SHORTHAND: implemented 'p' → 'paragraph' is undocumented in the official table.
SHORTHAND: implemented 'h' → 'heading' is undocumented in the official table.
SYNONYMS: 'thesis' is not an implemented alias of 'argument'.
SYNONYMS: 'position' is not an implemented alias of 'argument'.
SYNONYMS: 'statement' is not an implemented alias of 'claim'.
SYNONYMS: 'support' is not an implemented alias of 'evidence'.
SYNONYMS: 'proof' is not an implemented alias of 'evidence'.
SYNONYMS: 'chapter' is not an implemented alias of 'section'.
SYNONYMS: 'recording' is not an implemented alias of 'audio'.
SYNONYMS: 'song' is not an implemented alias of 'audio'.
SYNONYMS: 'music' is not an implemented alias of 'audio'.
SYNONYMS: 'recording' is not an implemented alias of 'video'.
SYNONYMS: 'episode' is not an implemented alias of 'video'.
SYNONYMS: 'film' is not an implemented alias of 'video'.
SYNONYMS: 'photo' is not an implemented alias of 'image'.
SYNONYMS: 'graphic' is not an implemented alias of 'image'.
SYNONYMS: 'illustration' is not an implemented alias of 'image'.
SYNONYMS: 'drawing' is not an implemented alias of 'image'.
SYNONYMS: 'artwork' is not an implemented alias of 'image'.
SYNONYMS: 'situation' is not an implemented alias of 'scenario'.
SYNONYMS: 'circumstance' is not an implemented alias of 'condition'.
SYNONYMS: 'item' is not an implemented alias of 'node'.

scripts/check-examples.mjs: exit 1
Checked 0 explicitly marked MML examples.
1 issue(s)
No examples marked with ```mml or ```mml-invalid. Label complete examples to enable validation; leave syntax fragments as text.

scripts/check-repo-paths.mjs: exit 1
3 issue(s)
scripts/build-notes-html.mjs: missing directory export-blank
scripts/notes-server.mjs: missing directory export-blank
scripts/strip-html-content.mjs: missing directory export-blank

scripts/check-links.mjs: exit 1
8 issue(s)
DOCS/README.md: missing target ./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
DOCS/README.md: missing target ./CONTRIBUTING.md
DOCS/README.md: missing target ./.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md
DOCS/TAGS.md: missing anchor /DOCS/SPEC.md#16-crossword-grid-schema
export/DOCS/README.html: missing target CODE_OF_CONDUCT.html
export/DOCS/README.html: missing target CONTRIBUTING.html
export/DOCS/README.html: missing target .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.html
export/DOCS/TAGS.html: missing anchor SPEC.html#16-crossword-grid-schema
